hey guys this is ex andrew 2007 next
year showing you are very cool very easy
solo wallbreach out of the map freight
for quality ghosts now this glitch was
found by VIP glitches HD I like just
channel will be in description so i
would greatly appreciate if you guys
checked out the channel and before again
the video i would greatly appreciate if
you guys left alike as well as a comment
alright so to this glitch all you need
to do simply get a ballistic vest or an
ammo crate they're both support
killstreaks which is good so that means
if you die couple times while trying to
do is glitch you know you won't have to
work harder to get those kill streaks
and i would recommend you having
concussion but you can have an explosive
such as the grenade but obviously you'll
take some damage so once you're on the
map freight all you need to do simply go
to this lower part of the map where the
stairs are and if the gate is open you
can add to this glitch so the gate must
be shot and you must be where the stairs
are you can't be in the opposite side
alright so once you have either one of
those killstreaks all you want to do
with you where the stairs are at pay
attention to where I put the ammo crate
in the ballistic vest I show it both in
the video so you want to throw it on the
horizontal part of the gate and the
further the ammo crate or the ballistic
vest is towards the right part of the
gate and the wall like it is in the
video the more likely you'll get the
glitch if you don't do the glitch
correctly you'll be halfway under the
map and it's pretty it's still pretty
good as a glitch you just can't move but
if you do the glitch correctly you'll be
able to move freely so from here once
you have the ammo crate or the ballistic
vest on the gate you want to go down as
many steps as possible toward the option
just barely disappears and then you want
to make sure you have option and from
there you want to throw the concussion
or the grenade right when you're you
know you're good and then what should
happen is when you throw the grenade or
the concussion at the gate all you need
to do somebody just hold X and what
should happen is the gate will open and
while you're holding x one that gets
opens you should either be stuck if you
do the glitch incorrectly or you should
be fully under the map and is there
really good glitch for online and
you know you can do some trolling and
private matches this is a really cool
and I guess a very easy glitch to do in
solo as you know you just need to get an
ammo crate or ballistic match was it
about like six or seven kills so long as
no one breaks the gate it's pretty much
a very self-explanatory and very easy
glitch so I once again would greatly
appreciate if you guys let the like in
the comment alright see ya